 
FMCG  HOTELS  PAPERBOARDS & PACKAGING   AGRI -BUSINESS    INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
Visit us at www.itcportal.com   Corporate Identity Number  : L16005WB1910PLC001985  e-mail : enduringvalue@itc.in  
 
ITC L imited  
Virginia House  
37 J. L. Nehru Road  
Kolkata  700 071, India  
Tel. : 91 33 2288 9371  
Fax :  91 33 2288 4016 / 1256 / 2259 / 2260  
          
       29th January,  2024  
 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of 
India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot No. C -1, G Block  
Bandra- Kurla Complex  
Bandra (East)  
Mumbai 400 051  The General Manager  
Dept. of Corporate Services  
BSE Ltd.  
P. J. Towers  
Dalal Street  
Mumbai 400 001  The Secretary  
The Calcutta Stock 
Exchange Ltd.  
7, Lyons Range  
Kolkata 700 001  
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Unaudited Financial Results –  Media Statement and Presentation  
 Further to our letter dated 29
th January , 2024  forwarding the Una udited Financial Results of 
the Company for the Quarter and Nine Months ended 31st December , 202 3, we now enclose 
a copy of the Media Statement issued by the Company and a presentation on the                    
Company’s  financial performance for the aforesaid period for information of the investors . 
  
Yours faithfully,  
ITC Limited  
 
 
 
 
(R. K. Singhi)  
Executive Vice President &  
Company Secretary  
 
 
Encl: as above.  
  
 
 
 
  
cc: Securities Exchange Commission 
Division of Corporate Finance 
Office of International Corporate Finance 
Mail Stop 3-9 
450 Fifth Street 
Washington DC 20549 
U.S.A. 
 
 
cc: Societe de la Bourse de Luxembourg 
35A Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
     
 1  
 
Media Statement  
January 2 9, 2024 
Standalone Financial Results for the Quarter ended 31st December , 202 3 
Highlights  
 
• Board recommends Interim Dividend of Rs. 6.25 per share for the Financial Year ending 31st March, 2024  
• Gross Revenue up 2.1% YoY; PAT at Rs. 5,572 crores, up 10.8% YoY  
- Gross Revenue (ex -Agri Busines s) +3.9%  YoY; 2-yr CAGR +10.5%  
• Resilient performance in FMCG – Others  amidst subdued demand conditions ; Segment Revenue up 7.6% YoY  
on a high base ; 2-yr CAGR @ 12.8%   
- Staples, Dairy , Beverages, Fragrances,  Personal Wash , Homecare , Agarbatti s and Notebooks drive growth   
- Segment EBITDA margin expanded 100 bps YoY to 11.0%; Segment PBIT up 24.1% YoY.   
• Cigarettes Segment witnesses consolidation on a high base after a period of sustained growth momentum ; Net 
Segment Revenue and Segment PBIT up 2.3%  YoY  
- 2-yr CAGR: Net Segment Revenue +9.3%, Segment PBIT +9.4%  
- Market standing reinforced through focused portfolio/market interventions & agile execution  
o Differentiated and premium offerings continued to perform well  
- Sustained volume claw back from illicit trade on the back of deterrent actions by enforcement agencies and 
relative stability in taxes .  
• Best ever quarter for the Hotels Segment ; Segment Revenue and PBIT up 18% and 57% YoY respectively   
- Segment EBITDA margin up 470 bps YoY to 36.2% driven by higher RevPARs , structural cost interventions and 
operating leverage  
- Demerger  update : The Stock Exchanges have given their no -objection to th e Scheme of Arrangement for 
demerger.  
• Agri Business Segment impacted by trade restrictions on agri commodities (-2.2%  YoY); Revenue +14.2% YoY 
(excl. Wheat & Rice)  
- Geopolitical tensions and climate emergencies have led to concerns over food security and food inflation 
globally. To ensure India remains food secure, Government has had to impose trade restrictions on ag ri 
commodities; consequently limiting business opportunities for the Agri Business. The Company continues to 
engage with farmers to build resilience in agrarian practices against extreme weather events; the Company’s 
Climate Smart Agriculture programme covers over 23 lakh acres and about 7.5 lakh farmers in the country  
- Strong customer relationships and agile execution in Lea f Tobacco & Value Added Agri products continue to 
drive growth  in these categories  
- The state -of-the-art facility1 to manufacture and export Nicotine and Nicotine derivat ive products has been 
commissioned; export shipments expected to commence from Q4 FY24 .   
• Paperboards, Paper and Packaging Segment remains impacted by low priced Chinese supplies  in global 
markets , muted domestic demand, surge in wood cost  and high  base effect   
- Global demand remains subdued; domestic demand recovery slows post -festive  season  
- Subdued realisations and surge in domestic wood prices exerted pressure on margins; s tructural advantages 
of the integrated business model, Industry 4.0 initiatives, strategi c investments in  High Pressure Recovery 
Boiler and proactive capacity augmentation in Value Added Paperboards aided in partly mitigating pressure 
on margins  
- Record high production of in -house chemical pulp leveraging recent capacity expansion  
- Capacity utilisation of Nadiad packaging and printing unit in Gujarat progressively ramped up.  
- The state -of-the-art premium Moulded Fibre Products manufacturing facility2 is expected to be 
commissioned shortly.  
 
1 Set up by ITC IndiVision  Ltd. - a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company  
2 Being set up by ITC Fibre Innovations Limited - a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company  
ITC Limited  
Virginia House  
37 J. L. Nehru Road  
Kolkata, 700 071, India  
Tel.: 91 33 2288 9371  
Fax:  91 33 2288 0655  
   
 2  
The global economy remains sluggish with the pace of growth projected to decelerate for the third year in a row - 
from 2.6% in 2023 to 2.4% in 2024, nearly 75 bps below the average of the 2010s. Developing economies are projected 
to grow just 3.9% representing about 100 bps below th e average of the previous decade, largely due to structural 
weakness in the Chinese economy. In Advanced economies, growth is set to slow to 1.2% in 2024 from 1.5% in 2023 
(source: World Bank GEP Jan’24). The recent conflict in the Middle East has heighten ed geopolitical risks, and an 
escalation could weigh on growth even as the global economy continues to cope with the overlapping shocks of the 
past four years —the COVID -19 pandemic, the Russia -Ukraine conflict, unprecedented inflation, and subsequent sharp  
increase in interest rates.    
India remains a bright spot amidst a slowing global economy with Real GDP growing by an impressive 7.6% YoY in Q2 
FY24. This was driven by multi -dimensional and purposeful policy interventions by the Government of India with 
particular focus on infrastructure creation , which , inter alia , reflected in the strong growth of 11%  YoY in Fixed 
Investments. Private Consumption , on the other hand,  remained muted (especially in the value segment and rural 
markets) , growing by only 3.1% YoY - well below the long -term average of about 7% p.a. Improving farm terms of trade, 
good recovery in winter crop sowing, and higher government spending augur well for a pick -up in rural demand going 
forward.  
 
Amidst a challenging ma cro-economic and operating environment as stated above, and high base effect in some of its 
operating segments, the Company delivered resilient performance during the quarter. Gross Revenue stood at Rs. 
17,483 crores representing a growth of 2.1% YoY (excl . Agri Business: up 3.9%) while PBT (before exceptional items) 
at Rs. 6 ,731 crores grew by 0.8% YoY. PAT grew by 10.8% YoY to Rs. 5 ,572 crores. Earnings Per Share for the quarter 
stood at Rs. 4.47 (previous year Rs. 4.06).  
 
Exceptional items represent exp enses aggregating Rs. 5.52 crores incurred during the quarter and nine months ended 
31st December, 2023 in relation to the demerger of the Company’s Hotels Business into ITC Hotels Limited.  
 
The Company has reassessed its provisions relating to uncertain t ax positions for earlier years based on a favourable 
order of the Hon’ble Supreme Court received during the quarter. This has resulted in a credit of Rs. 468.44 crores in 
the Current Tax expense for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2023.  
 
The Board of Directors have recommended Interim Dividend of Rs. 6.25 per share (previous year Rs. 6.00 per share) 
for the financial year ending 31st March, 2024.  
 
With its focus on consumer centricity, purposeful innovation, agility, and execution excellen ce, the Company remains 
confident of navigating the short -term challenges and creat ing sustained value for all stakeholders.  
 
FMCG – OTHERS  
• The FMCG Businesses continue to deliver resilient  performance with Segment Revenue growing 7.6% YoY to 
Rs. 5,209 crores on a high base (2-yr CAGR +12.8%) ; Segment EBITDA margins expanded 100 bps YoY to 11%.  
- The FMCG Businesses delivered resilient performance amidst slowdown in consumer demand ; Staples , Dairy , 
Beverages, Fragrances,  Personal Wash, Homecare , Agarbattis , Classmate Notebooks & Pens  drive growth . 
- Growth in both traditional and emerging channels (viz. Modern Trade, e -Commerce, Quick Commerce) 
continued to be driven by sharp execution of channel -specific business plans, collaborations, format -based 
assortments and category -specific sell -out strategies. Competit ive intensity remained high in certain 
categories such as Biscuits, Snacks, Noodles, popular Soaps , including from local/regional players . 
- Strategic portfolio augmentation leveraging a gile and purposeful innovation continues to be stepped up 
towards addres sing evolving consumer needs and accelerating premiumisation .  
- While certain commodity price s declined on a YoY basis, the cost table remains elevated compared to pre -
pandemic levels ; commodities such as wheat, maida, sugar etc. witnessed sequential uptick in prices.  The 
Businesses continue to drive profitability improvement through multi -pronged interventions viz. 
premiumisation, supply chain optimisation, digital initiatives across t he value chain, strategic cost 
management and judicious pricing actions . 
- The Company’s Trade Marketing & Distribution highway has transformed into a smart omni -channel network 
including 6 Direct to Consumer (D2C) platforms. Category specific D2C platforms viz. Classmateshop.com, 
Dermafique.com and Aashirvaad.com/Meri Chakki are being scaled up to gain consumer insights, as well as 
commerce. These initiatives continue to receive encouraging consumer response . 
- The Company’s digitally powered eB2B platform, UNNATI app (now also available in several vernacular 
languages) covers over 6.4 lakh outlets, facilitating sharp and direct engagement with retailers, superior 
analytics, personalised recommendations of hyperl ocal baskets based on consumer purchase insights, and 
deeper brand engagement.     
 3  
➢  Branded Packaged Foods Businesses  
• ‘Aashirvaad’ Atta posted  robust growth reinforcing its leadership position in the Branded Atta industry  
- Value -added atta range sustained its strong growth momentum driven by increased thrust in Modern 
Trade and e -Commerce channels.  
- In line with its strategy to address value -added adjacencies leveraging mother brands, the Aashirvaad  
portfolio  was augmented with the launch of ‘Aashirvaad Atta with Millets’ and ‘Aashirvaad Millet Batter 
Mix’, which contain the benefits of super  grains l ike Jowar, Bajra, Ragi, Quinoa and Navane, and are 
naturally gluten free  and a source of essential nutrients . These products have received excellent 
response and continue to gain consumer fra nchise in launch markets.  Other value -added differentiated 
varian ts such as ‘Gluten Free Flour’, ‘Ragi Flour’, Rava (‘Aashirvaad Samba Broken Wheat’, ‘Aashirvaad 
Bansi Rava’ and ‘Aashirvaad Double Roasted Suji Rava’), ‘Aashirvaad Organic Dals’, ‘Aashirvaad Besan’ 
and ‘Aashirvaad Vermicelli’  continued to scale up . 
• ‘Sunfe ast’ Biscuits and Cakes  recorded resilient performance during the quarter with  scale up of recent 
launches  such as ‘Sunfeast Supermilk’ in Tamil Nadu  and strong growth of the ‘Mom’s Magic’ cookies  range . 
The ‘Sunfeast Dark Fantasy’ range of differentiated  cookies sustained its leadership position in the premium 
segment. Portfolio mix was further enriched with the launch of ‘Sunfeast Dream Crème – Cookie & Crème’  
and ‘Bounce Day & Night’ .  
• ‘YiPPee!’ Noodles  sustained its position as a strong No. 2 brand amidst increasing competitive int ensity.  
‘YiPPee! Magic with Millets’ , a recently launched variant,  is being scaled up . The portfolio was enhanced with 
the introduction of ‘YiPPee! Wow Masala’ , which witnessed excellent consumer response  in launch markets . 
In line with its purpose of creating ‘A Better World ’, the brand launched the ‘YiPPee! Better World: Create 
Magic ’ initiative in partnership with the Times of India to convert post -consumption plastic waste to 
playground equipment for parks in Delhi -NCR, Mumbai, Bengaluru  and Kolkata.   
• ‘Bingo!’ Snacks  continued to strengthen its product portfolio across an exciting ran ge of snacks and 
namkeens, with a focus on the targ et cohort i.e. youth segment. Recently launched variants viz. ‘Bingo! 
Nachos Chilli Limon’ and millet -based ‘Bingo! Te dhe Medhe Chatpata Twist’ have been well received by 
consumers  and are being scaled up. The portfolio was further strengthened with the launch of ‘ Bingo! 2X 
Hot and Spicy Korean -Style chips’ in 3 sizzling variants - Original, Hot & Spicy, and Hashtag, blending the 
essence of fiery Korean spices with Bingo!’s classic c runch.  
• In the  Spices  category, ‘Sunrise’  posted robust growth during the quarter . Product portfolio was fortified  
with the launch of ‘Sunrise Restaurant Magic Masala’ and ‘Sunrise Yellow Mustard Powder '. In line with its 
strategy to expand presence in new markets, the Business launched a range of spices, ‘Swaad Bihar Ka’ 
catering to the taste and preferences of consumers in Bihar. ‘Aashirvaad Spices’  continues to enhance its 
presence in blended spices to enable full portfolio play.  
• The Frozen Snacks ca tegory under the ‘ITC Master Chef’  brand delivered robust growth,  powered by a range 
of innovative and differentiated offerings. Recently launched variants such as ‘ITC Master Chef Paneer 
Pakoda ’, ‘ITC Master Chef Batata Vada’ and ‘ITC Master Chef Crispy Onion Rings’ continue to gain strong 
traction.  
• ‘Aashirvaad Svasti’  fresh dairy portfolio comprising pouch milk, curd, lassi and paneer recorded strong 
growth on the back of best -in-class quality  standards, differentiated products and superior taste profile.  
‘Aashirvaad Mithaas’  range of Indian desserts was further augmented with the launch of ‘Badam Halwa’ and 
‘Moong Dal Halwa’, which elicited excellent consumer response.   
➢ In the Personal Care Products Business , ‘Fiama’ range of personal wash products  and ‘Engage’ range of fragrances 
registered  strong growth fuelled by sharp communication and consumer engagement , wider distribution and 
emerging channels. In the Homecare portfolio, Nimyle posted robust growth on the back of its unique proposition 
of ‘100% Natural Action’ and hygienic floors for children and pets. The product range of ‘Dermafique’, a Digital 
First premium skin c are brand, was expanded with the launch of Shower Mousse in 2 variants - Aqua Cloud and 
Hydra Soft  with Natural Moisturizing Factor Technology which provides 24 hour hydrated and moisturised skin.  
➢ In the Education and Stationery Products Business , ‘Classmate’ Notebooks fortified its leadership positi on with 
continued focus on portfolio premiumisation, exports and leveraging institutional strengths . The premium 
portfolio comprising ‘Paperkraft’, ‘Classmate Pulse’ and ‘Classmate Interaktiv’ continued to scale up . Business 
launched  ‘Classmate Play Series’ Notebooks in Classmate Interaktiv featuring 3 collectible cover design  variants . 
Further, ‘Paperkraft’ range of Expression Series was augmented with the launch of new theme based A5 
notebooks.      
 4 ➢ ‘Mangaldeep’ Agarbattis and Dhoop recorded  robust growth during the quarter anchored on a range of 
differentiated products and enhanced visibility. The portfolio was fortified with the launch of ‘Mangaldeep Scent’ 
in 3 variants.  
 
FMCG – CIGARETTES  
The Cigarettes Business witnessed consolidation on a high base after a period of sustained growth momentum . 2-
yr CAGR: Net Segment Revenue +9.3%, Segment PBIT +9.4%   
• The Business continues to counter illicit trade and reinforce market standing by fortifying the product portfolio 
through innovation, democratising premiumisation across segments and enhancing product availability backed 
by superior on -ground execution . 
• Differentiated variants and premium segment continue to perform well . 
• Sharp escalation in costs of leaf tobacco and certain other inputs, along with increase in taxes  were  largely 
mitigated through improved mix, strategic cost management and calibrated prici ng. 
• As seen in the past, stability in taxes on cigarettes, backed by deterrent actions by enforcement agencies, enables 
volume recovery for the legal cigarette industry from illicit trade leading to higher demand for Indian tobaccos 
and bolstering revenue to the exchequer from the tobacco sector.  
 
HOTELS  
Stellar performance in Hotels Business continues with record highs in Revenue and Profits; Segment Revenue up 
18.2% YoY (2 -yr CAGR +33%); Segment P BIT up 57.1% YoY  
• Strong growth in ARRs and Occupancies witnessed across properties  driven by retail , MICE segments  and marquee 
events like the ICC Cricket World Cup  
- Strategic investments towards renovations and refurbishments continue in line with the commitment to 
deliver exceptional quality and seamless experience across properties.  
• Segment EBITDA margin expanded by 470 bps YoY to 36.2% driven mainly by higher RevP AR, operating leverage  
and strategic  cost management initiatives.   
• Welcom hotel Chennai  has been reopened in January 2024 after a comprehensive renovation ; the iconic property 
brings back signature dining experiences, well -appointed rooms and grander banquets . The property is certified 
as a LEED Platinum and LEED Zero Carbon hotel.  
• In line with its ‘asset -right’ strategy, the Business added three new properties during the quarter viz. ‘Fortune 
Park, Aligarh ’, ‘Fortune Park, Tiru ppur’ & ‘Fortune  Park East Delhi, Vivek Vihar ’. With this, the Business has added 
22 properties to its portfolio in the last 24 months. The pipeline of managed properties continues to be 
strengthened across Welcomhotel, Mementos, Storii , Fortune and WelcomHeritage brands .  
• The Business has been recognised  as the Best Luxury Hotel Chain in India at the Travel + Leisure India’s Best 
Awards 2023 for the seventh consecutive year . 
 
AGRI BUSINESS  
Agri Business Revenue grew by 14.2 % YoY (excl. Wheat & Rice) driven by Value Added Agri products & Leaf Tobacco  
• The operating environment remained challenging due to various policy interventions of the Government of India 
to ensure food security and control inflation which limited business opportunities for the Agri Business . 
• Capacity utilisation of the rece ntly commissioned state -of-the-art value -added Spices processing facility in Guntur 
was ramped up. The Business is leverag ing the facility’s multi -dimensional capabilities, its identity -preserved 
sourcing expertise, custody of supply chain and strong customer relationships to rapidly grow export  of spices  to 
Food Safe Markets.  
• The state -of-the-art facility  (set up by IIVL, a whol ly-owned subsidiary of the Company)  to manufacture and export 
Nicotine and Nicotine derivative products has been commissioned. Regulatory approvals to commence shipments 
to the EU are in place, with exports expected to commence in Q4 FY24.  The distinctive capabilities of the 
Company’s Agri Business in crop development and the ability to provide complete traceability & assurance of 
sustainability across the value chain, will enable establishing IIVL as the trusted partner for supplying high quality 
nicotine/ nicotine derivative products to discerning customers.     
 5 • ITCMAARS (Metamarket for Advanced Agriculture and Rural Services) – a crop -agnostic ‘phygital’ full stack 
AgriTech platform has been scaled up across nine states. Over 1600 Farmer Producer Organisations  (FPOs) 
encompassing more than 11.4 l ac farmers have been added to the Company’s network.  
 
PAPERBOARDS, PAPER & PACKAGING  
The Segment remains impact ed by low-priced Chinese supplies  in global markets , muted domestic demand, 
unprecedented increase in domestic wood costs  and high base  effect ; Segment Revenue declined 9.7% YoY  
• Subdued consumer demand and a relatively muted festive season weighed on customer offtake during the 
quarter ; export markets remain impacted by low priced Chinese supplies .  
• Margins were impacted largely by sharp drop in realisations and unprecedented surge in domestic wood costs 
due to increased demand from competing industries; Segment PBIT declined 51.2% YoY.   
• Demand for Fine paper remained relatively firm and Décor paper witnessed strong performance.  
• Integrated business model and strategic interventions in import pulp substitution, High Pressure Recovery Boiler, 
digital interventions and cost competitive fibre chain partially mitigated inflationary impact. Business l everaged 
the recent investment in pulp mill capacity expansion to register record high i n-house chemical pulp production 
during the quarter.  
• The Packaging and Printing Business  continues to focus on accelerating new business development in domestic 
and ex port markets offering innovative and customised solutions, with special focus on consumer electronics, 
QSR and personal care products. Capacity utilisation at the recently commissioned Nadiad unit in Gujarat 
continues to be ramped up to efficiently service  customers in proximal markets.  
• The sustainable paperboards/packaging solutions portfolio continues to witness strong growth leveraging cutting -
edge innovation platforms.  The Company’s wholly owned subsidiary, ITC Fibre Innovations Limited, is in the 
process of setting up a state -of-the-art premium Moulded Fibre Products manufacturing facility in Badiyakhedi, 
Madhya Pradesh. The project is progressing as per schedule  and is expected to be commissioned by the end of 
the financial year .  
 
CONTRIBUTION TO  SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT  
ITC is  a global exemplar in ‘Triple Bottom Line’ performance and is the only enterprise in the world of comparable 
dimensions to have achieved and sustained the three key global indices of environmental sustainability of being ‘water 
positive’ (for 21 years), ‘carbon positive’ (for 18 years), and ‘solid waste recycling positive’ (for 16 years) . The 
Company sustained its ‘AA’ rating by MSCI -ESG for the 6th successive year  - the highest amongst global tobacco 
companies. The Compan y has also been included  in the Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets Index  for the 
fourth year in a row - a reflection of being a sustainability leader in the industry and a recognition of its continued 
commitment to people and planet.  
ITC has also b een rated at the 'Leadership Level' score of 'A -' for both Climate Change  and Water Security  (Asia and 
Global average at ‘C’ for climate change and ‘B’ for water security) by CDP, a reputed independent global platform for 
disclosures on environmental impac ts. 
The Company’s infrastructure facilities continue to set new benchmarks of sustainability. All luxury collection hotels 
of the Company are now LEED Platinum certified  with 12 ITC Hotels being certified as LEED Zero Carbon  and 2 ITC 
Hotels being certifie d as LEED Zero Water . Further, the Foods factory and the Cigarettes factory at Ranjangaon became 
the third and fourth units after Kovai Paper and Malur Food s unit to receive an AWS certification in Platinum category.   
The Sustainability & Integrated Report 2023 is available on the Company’s corporate website at  
https://www.itcport al.com/sustainability/sustainability -integrated -report -2023/ITC -Sustainability -Integrated -
Report -2023.pdf  
 
Please refer link below for performance highlights of the quarter:  
https://www.itcportal.com/investor/pdf/ITC -Quarterly -Result -Presentation -Q3-FY2024.pdf  
 
The Board of Directors, at its meeting on 29th January 2024, approved the financial results for the quarter ended 31st 
December 2023, which are enclosed.  
 
 
(Nazeeb Arif)  
Executive Vice President  
Corporate Communications  
| 1|Q3 FY24 Results
29thJanuary, 2024| 2|Forward -Looking Statements
This presentation contains certain forward -looking statements including those describing the Company’s strategies,
strategic direction, objectives, future prospects, estimates etc.Investors arecautioned that “forward looking statements”
arebased oncertain assumptions offuture events over which theCompany exercises nocontrol .Therefore there canbeno
guarantee astotheir accuracy and readers are advised not toplace any undue reliance onthese forward looking
statements .The Company undertakes noobligation topublicly update orrevise any forward -looking statements, whether
asaresult ofnew information, future events, orotherwise .These statements involve anumber ofrisks, uncertainties and
other factors that could cause actual results orpositions todiffer materially from those that may beprojected orimplied by
these forward looking statements .Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:growth, competition,
acquisitions, domestic and international economic conditions affecting demand, supply and price conditions inthevarious
businesses intheCompany’s portfolio, changes inGovernment regulations, taxregimes and other statutes, and theability
toattract and retain high quality human resource .| 3|Macro Economic Context| 4|Macro Economic Environment
▪Structural weakness inChinese economy
▪Geo-political &Climate dynamics pose downside risks
▪Debt distress inemerging and low income economies
Source : MOSPI
Global economy 3rdconsecutive year of deceleration
weakness likely to persist 
▪GDP growth remains above long term average
▪Overall macros well -managed |Timely Policy interventions
byGovt .ofIndia
−Core Inflation largely stable
−Favourable External Balances and Forex Reserve
−Infrastructure push byGovernment
−Buoyant taxcollections
−Strong Bank and Corporate Balance Sheets
2.4 1.2 1.6 0.7 4.53.1
2.0 2.3
1.47.7
World Advanced
economiesUnited
StatesEuro
areaChina
2023e 2024f 2010-19 average
6.57.27.8 7.67.3
FY19 FY23 Q1 FY24 Q2 FY24 FY24EReal GDP Growth YoY
India remains a bright spot
Real GDP Growth YoY
Source : WB GEP Jan’24| 5|Macro Economic Environment
▪GDP growth ledbyInvestments (Government Capex)
-Green shoots inPrivate Capex incertain sectors
▪Private Consumption remains subdued ;400 bps below
trend growth
7.6 3.1 11.06.8 7.0
6.9
GDP PFCE GFCF
Q2 FY24 FY12-19
India growth led by Investments 
Consumption subdued
Source : MOSPI▪GDP growth remains above long term average
▪Overall macros well -managed |Timely Policy interventions
byGovt .ofIndia
−Core Inflation largely stable
−Favourable External Balances and Forex Reserve
−Infrastructure push byGovernment
−Buoyant taxcollections
−Strong Bank and Corporate Balance Sheets
6.57.27.8 7.67.3
FY19 FY23 Q1 FY24 Q2 FY24 FY24EReal GDP Growth YoY
India remains a bright spot| 6|India Macro
Buoyant Tax 
collection
External Balances 
& Forex ReserveModerating 
Inflation
Infrastructure 
push by 
GovernmentStrong Bank & 
Corporate 
Balance SheetsStable growth 
outlookKey 
Positives
Agri Commodity 
Inflation
Rural Demand 
recoveryGeopolitical 
disruptions
Monetary easing 
cycle in Advanced 
economies
Govt. spending 
and EmploymentWeather eventsKey 
Monitorables
Consumption 
demand| 7|Q3 FY24 Results
Key Highlights | 8|Key Highlights: Q3 FY24
For the quarter ended  31stDec, 2023, YoY change+3.9% +10.8%
Interim DividendProfit After Tax Gross Revenue
ex –Agri Business
Rs. 6.25
per share2-yr CAGR +10 .5% 2-yr CAGR +15 .8%| 9|Key Highlights: Q3 FY24
▪Resilient performance inFMCG –Others amidst subdued demand conditions ;Segment Revenue up7.6%YoY onahigh
base ;2-yrCAGR +12.8%
̶Staples, Dairy, Beverages, Fragrances, Personal Wash, Homecare, Agarbattis and Notebooks drive growth
̶Segment EBITDA margin expanded 100 bps YoY to 11.0% 
̶Segment PBIT up 24.1% YoY
▪Cigarettes Segment witnesses consolidation onahigh base after aperiod ofsustained growth momentum
̶Net Segment Revenue and Segment PBIT up 2.3% YoY
̶2-yr CAGR: Net Segment Revenue +9.3%, Segment PBIT +9.4%
̶Differentiated variants and premium segments continue to perform well
▪Best ever quarter for the Hotels Segment ;Segment Revenue and Segment PBIT up 18% and 57% YoY respectively
̶Segment EBITDA margin up 470 bps YoY to 36.2% driven by higher RevPARs , structural cost interventions and operating leverage
̶Demerger update: The Stock Exchanges have given their no -objection to the Scheme of Arrangement for demerger| 10|Key Highlights: Q3 FY24
▪Agri Business Segment impacted by trade restrictions on agri commodities
̶Geopolitical tensions & climate emergencies have led to concerns on food security and food inflation; trade restrictions impo sedby 
Govt. on agri commodities limit business opportunities for the segment
̶Segment Revenue (excl. Wheat & Rice) up 14.2% YoY driven by Value Added Agri products & Leaf Tobacco 
▪Paperboards, Paper and Packaging Segment remains impacted by low priced Chinese supplies in global markets, 
muted domestic demand, surge in wood cost and high base effect
̶Global demand remains subdued; domestic demand recovery slows post -festive season
̶Subdued realisations and surge in domestic wood prices exerted pressure on margins; structural advantages of the integrated 
business model, Industry 4.0 initiatives, strategic investments in High Pressure Recovery Boiler and proactive capacity 
augmentation in Value Added Paperboards aided in partly mitigating pressure on margins
̶Record high production of in -house chemical pulp leveraging recent capacity expansion
̶State -of-the-art premium Moulded Fibre Products manufacturing facility^ is expected to be commissioned shortly
^ Being set up by ITC Fibre Innovations Limited, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary| 11|FMCG Others
| 12|
YTD 
Dec’2331%FMCG Others –Q3 FY24
▪Segment Revenue up 7.6% YoY on a high base; 2 -yr CAGR +12.8%
-Staples, Dairy, Beverages, Fragrances, Personal Wash, Homecare, Agarbattis and Notebooks drive growth
▪Strategic portfolio augmentation leveraging agile and purposeful innovation continues to be stepped up towards addressing evolving 
consumer needs and accelerating premiumisation
▪Strong growth in Alternate Channels
-Channel -specific business plans, collaborations, format -based assortments and category -specific sell -out strategies drive growth
▪Commodity price deflation on YoY basis; sequential uptick in certain commodities (viz. wheat, maida , sugar etc.)
-Competitive intensity remained high in certain categories, including from local / regional playersResilient Performance amidst subdued 
demand conditions
FMCG Segment Revenue Rapid scale up in Digital + MT
Salience| 13|FMCG Others
▪Q3 Segment EBITDA margins at 11.0% up 100 bps YoY
-Margin expansion driven by multi -pronged interventions viz. premiumisation, supply chain optimisation, judicious pricing actions, 
digital initiatives and strategic cost managementSegment PBIT + 24.1 % YoY
Segment EBITDA Margins up 100 bps YoY
Quarterly
 Annual
265456 688 914 1317 1449 19542.5%4.0%5.5%7.1%8.9%9.1%10.2%
-2.0%0.0 %2.0 %4.0 %6.0 %8.0 %10. 0%
0200400600800100 0120 0140 0160 0180 0200 0
FY17 FY18 FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23Full Year Seg. EBITDA Seg. EBITDA Margin %
| 14|Purposeful Innovation Recent Launches
Sunfeast Dream Crèm e
Cookie and Crème 
Fabelle Exquisite Chocolate
Truffles Exquisite
Dermafique Shower Mousse
Hydra Soft | Aqua Cloud
Aashirvaad Whole Spices
Black Pepper | Cardamom | 
Jeera
Aashirvaad Atta 
with Millets
25% millets inside
Sunrise Spices
Chicken Masala Sunfeast YiPPee!
WoW! Masala
Sunfeast Supermilk
Immunity Nutrients
Aashirvaad Mithaas
Badam Halwa | 
Moong Dal Halwa
Mangaldeep Scent
Majestic Oud|
Blue Lagoon
Classmate Interaktiv
Play Series
| 15|
Sharpening Value Proposition 
 Building Brand AssociationsDeepening Consumer Engagement 
On-ground presence during Ayodhya Ram Mandir Pran Pratishtha
Scan the QR code
40+ Quality Control Tests
100% Atta, 0% Maida
| 16|
Celebrating moments
Deepening Consumer Engagement | 17|Building Brands with Purpose 
Fiama -Mental Health Well -being
YiPPee ! “Create Magic”
Campaign to convert plastic 
waste into park equipment
SENSITIVE PORTRAYAL OF 
MENTAL HEALTH
Awarded to Director Anvita
Dutt for the movie ‘ Qala ’Fiama introduced a 
special recognition 
award in collaboration 
with Filmfare
Mom’s Magic
#MaaKehtiHaiTryKaro
| 18|FMCG Cigarettes
| 19|FMCG Cigarettes –Q3 FY24
▪Net Segment Revenue* and Segment PBIT up 2.3% YoY
̶2-yr CAGR: Net Segment Revenue +9.3%, Segment PBIT +9.4%
▪Portfolio Vitality | Product Availability | Execution Excellence
̶Differentiated variants and premium segments continue to perform well
̶Market standing reinforced by fortifying the product portfolio/ market interventions 
& agile execution
̶Innovation & democratising premiumisation across segments
▪Sharp cost escalation (Leaf Tobacco & certain other inputs) + increase in taxes→
largely mitigated through improved mix, strategic cost management and calibrated 
pricing
* Net of Excise Duty/NCCD on SalesSegment Revenue
Segment Results
4728 cr.     2.3%7549 cr.     3.6%
Relative stability in taxes, backed by deterrent actions by enforcement agencies, 
enables continued volume recovery from illicit trade Consolidation on a high base 
after a period of  sustained growth momentum| 20|FMCG Cigarettes Reinforcing market standing
•Classic Connect
•Gold Flake SLK
•American Club Clove Mint
•Gold Flake Indie Mint•Gold Flake Neo SMART Filter
•Wills Deluxe
•Bristol Deluxe FT
•Flake XL
•Flake Skipper
Innovation
 Portfolio Fortification
•Classic Alphatec
•Classic Verve Balanced Taste
•GFGlostar`•American Club Clove Magik
•Classic Icon
•GFRush•Players Rush
•Capstan Victory
•Bristol Maja Mix
Recent Introductions| 21|
Hotels
Welcom hotel Chennai| 22|Hotels –Q3 FY24
Segment Revenue
842 cr.
(+18%; 2 Yr. CAGR 33%)
Segment Results
230 cr. 
(+57%)▪Strong growth in ARRs and Occupancy witnessed across properties driven by retail, MICE segments 
and marquee events like the ICC Cricket World Cup
▪Segment EBITDA margin expanded by 470 bps YoY to 36.2% driven mainly by higher RevPARs , 
operating leverage and strategic cost management initiatives
▪Healthy pipeline of management contracts under Mementos, Welcomhotel , Storii , Fortune and 
WelcomHeritage brands
̶Phased openings over the next few quarters
▪Welcomhotel Chennai has been reopened in January 2024 after a comprehensive renovation
▪Demerger update: The Stock Exchanges have given their no -objection to the Scheme of Arrangement 
for demerger.
^ Across Luxury, Upper Upscale and Boutique properties
Managed properties scaled up^
22 Hotels in last 24 months 
(Jan 2022 –Dec 2023)
25Hotels in next 24 months 
(Jan 2024 –Dec 2025)Stellar Performance continues 
Best -ever quarter
Avartana & Yi Jing launched at ITC Maratha
| 23|Welcomhotel Chennai
Bedroom
 Living Room
Lobby
Sunbean Cafe
Welcom Café Marina
Bathroom
Lobby
 Welcom Café Marina
Relaunch post comprehensive renovation in January 2024Iconic Property | Signature Dining | Grand Banquets| 24|New Hotels in the pipeline
Welcomhotel Belagavi
 STORII Sirmour
Mementos, Jaipur
 ITC Ratanadipa , Colombo
| 25|Agri Business
| 26|Agri Business –Q3 FY24
339 cr. 13.3%3055 cr. 2.2%Segment Revenue
Segment Results▪Operating environment remained challenging due tovarious policy interventions ofthe
Government ofIndia toensure food security and control inflation
▪Strong customer relationships &agile execution inLeaf Tobacco &Value Added Agri
products continue todrive growth
▪Strategic sourcing support toBranded Packaged Foods –Wheat, Dairy, Beverages &
Spices
▪The state -of-the-art facility ^tomanufacture and export Nicotine and Nicotine
derivative products hasbeen commissioned
̶Export shipments expected tocommence from Q4FY24
^ Set up  by ITC IndiVision Limited (IIVL), the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary
Segment Revenue up14.2%YoY (ex.Wheat &Rice)
Spices facility, Guntur
 IIVL facility, Mysore| 27|
Paperboards, Paper & 
Packaging
| 28|Paperboards, Paper & Packaging –Q3 FY24
▪Paperboards, Paper and Packaging Segment remains impacted by low priced Chinese 
supplies in global markets, muted domestic demand, surge in wood cost and high base 
effect
▪Demand for Fine paper remained relatively firm; Décor paper witnessed strong 
performance
▪Margins impacted by sharp drop in realisations and unprecedented surge in domestic 
wood costs due to increased demand from competing industries 
▪Focus on accelerating New Business Development in domestic and export markets 
offering innovative and customised solutions, with special focus on consumer electronics, 
QSR and personal care products
▪Sustainable Products portfolio continues to witness strong growth leveraging cutting -
edge innovation platforms
― State -of-the-art premium Moulded Fibre Products manufacturing facility^ being set up in Badiyakhedi , 
Madhya Pradesh; facility expected to be commissioned by the end of the financial year
2081 cr. 9.7%Segment Revenue
Segment Results
296 cr. 51.2%
^ Being undertaken by ITC Fibre Innovations Limited, the Company’s wholly owned subsidiaryChallenging operating environment
& high base effect
2xRapid scale up of Sustainable products| 29|Financials| 30|Key Financials –Q3 FY24 
Standalone basis 
Rs. Cr. Q3 FY24 Q3 FY23YoY 
growth 
Gross Revenue 17,483 17,122 2.1%
EBITDA 6,024 6,223 -3.2%
PBT 6,725 6,678 0.7%
PAT 5,572 5,031 10.8%
2 Yr. 
CAGR
2.5%
8.7%
10.7%
15.8%PBT (excl. Paperboards, Paper and Packaging) +6% YoY; 2 -yr CAGR +13%
The Company hasreassessed itsprovisions relating touncertain taxpositions forearlier years based onafavourable order oftheHon’ble Supreme Court received
during thequarter .This hasresulted inacredit ofRs.468.44crores intheCurrent Taxexpense forthequarter and nine months ended 31stDecember, 2023 .PBT includes exceptional item aggregating Rs.5.52crores incurred during thequarter and nine months ended 31stDecember, 2023 inrelation tothedemerger of
theCompany’s Hotels Business into ITCHotels Limited .| 31|Segment Revenue Q3 FY24
•FMCG Cigarettes
-Net Segment Revenue* up 2.3% YoY on a high base
•2 Yr. CAGR at 9.3%
•FMCG Others
-Revenue up 7.6% YoY amidst subdued demand conditions
•2 Yr. CAGR at 12.8%
-Staples, Dairy, Beverages, Fragrances, Personal Wash, Homecare, 
Agarbattis , and Notebooks drive growth
•Hotels
-Best -ever quarter; Revenue up 18% YoY
•Agri Business
-Revenue up 14% YoY (excl. Wheat & Rice )
•Paperboards, Paper & Packaging
-Segment remains impacted by low -priced Chinese supplies, 
muted demand & sharp drop in global pulp prices
* Net of Excise Duty/NCCD on Sales
FY24 FY23YoY
growth
Segment Revenue
     a) FMCG    - Cigarettes 7,549 7,288 3.6%
                          - Others 5,209 4,841 7.6%
                         Total FMCG 12,758 12,130 5.2%
     b) Hotels 842 712 18.2%
     c) Agri Business 3,055 3,124 -2.2%
     d) Paperboards, Paper & Packaging 2,081 2,306 -9.7%
                           Total 18,736 18,271 2.5%
Less : Inter Segment Revenue 1,253 1,149 9.0%
17,483 17,122 2.1%Rs. cr.Q3
Gross Revenue from sale of products 
and services | 32|Segment Results Q3 FY24
•FMCG Cigarettes
-Segment PBIT up 2.3% YoY on a high base
•2 Yr. CAGR at 9.4%
•FMCG -Others :
-EBITDA margin at 11.0% ; Up 100 bps YoY
•Hotels :
-EBITDA margins @ 36.2% up 470 bps YoY
•Paperboards, Paper &Packaging :
-Sharp drop in realisation + surge in wood cost weigh on 
margins
FY24 FY23YoY
growth
Segment Results
     a) FMCG    - Cigarettes 4,728 4,620 2.3%
                         - Others 432 348 24.1%
                         Total FMCG 5,160 4,968 3.9%
     b) Hotels 230 146 57.1%
     c) Agri Business 339 391 -13.3%
     d) Paperboards, Paper & Packaging 296 606 -51.2%
                           Total 6,025 6,112 -1.4%
Less : i) Finance Cost 12 10
ii) Other un-allocable (income) 
net of un-allocable expenditure-718 -576
iii) Exceptional items 6
6,725 6,678 0.7%Rs. cr.Q3
Profit Before Tax| 33|ITC –A Global Exemplar in Sustainability| 34|Impactful Social Performance
ITC e -Choupal
4 Million Farmers
empoweredAfforestation
Over 11.7 lac acres
greened Watershed Development 
Over 15.3 lac acres
coveredLivestock Development
Over 21.9 lac milch 
animals coveredSolid Waste Management
Well -being Out of Waste 
programme covers
60 lac households
Women Empowerment 
Over 1.4 lac 
poor women benefittedSkilling & Vocational 
Training 
Skilled over 1.06 lac youthPrimary Education
Reaching over 
15 lac Children
Climate Smart Agriculture
Over 23 lac acres 
covered*
Mother & Child Health 
and Nutrition
Over 12.5 lac 
beneficiaries covered
*Basis FY23| 35|Sustainability 2.0
REDUCE  IRECYCLE  IRESTORESustainability Targets 2030
Raising the Bar
Supporting Sustainable Livelihoods: From 6 million to 10 millionStrategic Interventions to Combat Climate Change
Proactively work towards achieving ‘Net Zero’ emission status Renewable 
Energy
50% 50%Specific GHG 
EmissionsRecyclable Plastic 
Packaging
100%Plastic 
Neutrality
100%
Collection 
since FY22
Water Security for All Biodiversity & Agriculture
5xof ITC’s Net 
Consumption 
AWS Certification
for High Water Stressed Sites
by 20353million 
acres
million 
acresClimate Smart 
VillageBiodiversity 
Conservation 1
1.5million 
acresSocial Farm and 
Forestry Building Green 
InfrastructureDe-Carbonization
Nature based solutionsCircularity Climate Adaptation and 
Resilience 
Inclusive Value 
Chains| 36|Sustainability –Highlights 
•Exceeded commitment onPlastic Neutrality ;collected and sustainably managed over 60,000 MTofplastic waste inFY23
•100%critical Tier -1suppliers trained onESG related aspects (asonJan24)
•Best -in-class ESG Ratings :
•AArating byMSCI forthe 6thconsecutive year ;A-Leadership score under CDP ratings -ahead ofAsia &Global
average ;Continues tobeincluded intheDow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets Index -areflection ofbeing a
sustainability leader intheindustry
•The only enterprise ofcomparable dimensions globally tohave achieved and sustained the three key global indices ofenvironmental
sustainability ofbeing ‘water positive’ (for 21years) ,‘carbon positive’ (for 18years) ,and ‘solid waste recycling positive’ (for 16years)
•Water Stewardship :
•Four Units ofITC(Paper mill atKovai ,ICML Malur ,ICML Ranjangaon and Cigarettes factory atRanjangaon )have been Platinum level
certified byAWS (Alliance forWater Stewardship)
•BioDiversity :
•Winner ofthefirst UNDP Mahatma Award forBiodiversity →inrecognition ofefforts inpromoting biodiversity conservation through
intensive community engagement| 37|37ITC Infotech
| 38|ITC Infotech
Q3 EBITDA margin
@ upper -end of mid -tier IT cos.
20072249245428533321
161 291618717579
0500100 0150 0200 0250 0300 0350 0
FY19 FY20 FY21 FY22 FY23Revenue EBITDA Rs.cr.Rs. cr.
•Revenue up 11.0% YoY and 4.1% QoQ
•Healthy Total Contract Value (TCV) signings; strong pipeline 
•Investments continue in Capability building in strategic focus 
areas, sales org. & infrastructure.
Customer Centricity | Employee Centricity | Operational Excellence
| 39|ITC: Enduring Value
A passion for 
Profitable growth...in a way that is 
Sustainable…and 
Inclusive.
| 40|Links
Product/initiative Link
Bingo! on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/bingo_snacks/
YiPPee! on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/sunfeast_yippee/
Aashirvaad on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/aashirvaad/
Sunfeast Dark Fantasy on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/sunfeastdarkfantasy/
Mom’s Magic on Instagram https://instagram.com/sfmomsmagic/
Classmate on Instagram https://instagram.com/classmatebyitc/
ITC : Creating Enduring Value for India https://youtu.be/VwnE4eN_BTk
Details on the Company’s Sustainability 2.0 vision https://www.itcportal.com/sustainability/sustainability -integrated -report -
2023/ITC -Sustainability -Integrated -Report -2023.pdf
Quarterly Media Statement https://www.itcportal.com/investor/pdf/ITC -Press -Release -Q3-FY2024.pdf
