        
 
Adani Enterprises Limited   
“Adani Corporate House”, 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar 
Ahmedabad 382 421 
Gujarat, India Tel  + 91 79 2656 5555  
Fax + 91 79 2555 5500 
investor.ael@adani.com  
www.adanienterprises.com 
 
CIN: L51100GJ1993PLC019067   
  
Registered Office : “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad - 382421 
 
8th November 2023  
 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange plaza,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Scrip Code: 512599  Scrip Code: ADANIENT  
  
  
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results 
of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 
2023.  
 
 
In continuation to our intimation dated 2nd November 2023, please find attached 
transcript of the Earnings Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year ended                                          
30th September 2023. Please find below weblink to access above transcript: 
 
https://www.adanienterprises.com/-
/media/Project/Enterprises/Investors/Investor-Downloads/Results-Conference-
Call-Transcripts/Q2-FY24-Earnings-Call-Transcript.pdf   
 
Kindly take the above on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Adani Enterprises Limited 
 
 
Jatin Jalundhwala   
Company Secretary &  
Joint President (Legal) 
 
Encl: As above  Adani Enterprises  1 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
Adani Enterprises  Limited  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  
 
Event Date / Time          :  02/11/2023, 1 7:00 Hrs.  
                                                  Event Duration         :  25 mins 01 secs  
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:  
 
      Mr. Vinay Prakash  
      Director -Adani Enterprises , CEO -Natural Resources  
 
      Mr. Jugeshinder ( Robbie ) Singh  
      Chief Financial Officer  
 
      Mr. Saurabh Shah  
      Finance Controller  
 
      Mr. Manan Vakharia  
      Investor Relations  
 
      Mr. Mohit Kumar  
      ICICI Securities  
 
 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS:  
 
1. Bharat Jain : ICICI Securities  
2. Nirav Shah  : GeeCee Holdings  
3. Pratik Kumar  : Jeff eries 
 
 
 
 
Adani Enterprises  2 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  Moderator  
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Pelsia, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to Adani 
Enterprises Limited  Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call . As a reminder, all participants will be in the listen -
only mode , and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes.  
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * and then 0 
on your touchtone telephone. Please note this conference is recorded.  I would now like to hand over the 
floor to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Mohit Kumar  
Thank you, Pelsia. On behalf of ICIC I Securities, we welcome you to Q2 FY24 earnings call of Adani 
Enterprises Limited. We are pleased to host the senior management team of Adani Enterprises today.  We 
have with us Mr. Vinay Prakash, Director -Adani Enterprises  and CEO - Natural Resources; Mr. Robbie Singh, 
CFO; Mr. Saurabh Shah, Finance Controller; and Mr. Manan Vakharia from Investor Relations.  We'll start  
the call with opening remarks, post which we move to Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
 
Robbie Singh   
Mohit, thank you very much. Welcome all to the earnings call for half -year 2024 results of AEL. AEL’s 
incubation portfolio comprises of assets spread across energy utilities, transport and logistics , and primary 
industries. In Digital infrastructure, incubating assets include Adani Digital  Labs and Adani Business 
Services.  AEL’s established business portfolio is supported by primary industry vertical, comprising mining 
services, commercial mining and under advanced stage of completion, the copper smelt er. Half-year 2024 
results are powered by the emergence of core infra incubating businesses, which have contributed 48% of 
the overall EBITDA. This reflects the incubating business growth journey and successive milestones.   
 
The consolidated total income for the half -year was at INR 48,876 crores.  EBITDA increased by 43% to INR 
5,874 crore and in line with the increased EBITDA, consolidated profit before tax increased by 50% to INR 
1,958 crore. Incubating businesses continue to record robust operational performances with total income 
rising over 100% to INR 10,608 crores, consequently EBITDA increased by over 100% to INR 2, 825 crores , 
and the consolidated profit before tax of the incubating businesses jumped over 22 times  to Rs. 1,210 Cr .  
 
In Adani New Industries, our commitment of having 10 GW of integrated manufacturing ecosystem is well 
underway. I'm pleased to inform you that Adani New Industries has produced the first wafer in India . The 
2GW of ingot wafer plant is scheduled to be commissioned by the end of this financial year.  Solar module 
manufacturing plant, MSEL, has received commercial operations certificate from SECI . India's largest 
capacity onshore wind turbine generator 5.2 MW  machine  is now listed in revised list of models and 
manufacturers. With this listing, wind manufacturing division of ANIL has now started commercial 
operations. ANIL has also received WindGuard certification, which has affirmed our production standards, 
which allows us to start series production for global markets.   Adani Enterprises  3 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
In Adani Airport Holdings , our portfolio is performing along expected lines and the half -yearly passenger 
movement grew 29% and is tracking 85 million passengers a year with a half -yearly movement at 42.7 
million. DigiYatra was introduced at 5 airports, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Lucknow, Guwahati and Jaipur.  In 
this quarter, we also added 2 new international airlines to our portfolio, and 9 new international routes 
were connected. Arrival and departure immigration block in Terminal 2 of Ahmedabad Airport is 
completed. Additionally, Mumbai Airport has completed its pre-embarkation  security check Phase 2 
expansion program. Further, domestic cargo terminal was operationalize d at Jaipur Airport. And as an 
update, Navi Mumbai Airport is well on schedule to be completed at end of calendar year 2024.   
 
For Road portfolio during this quarter, 4 of our 10 road projects have achieved over 50% completion and 
are right on schedule.   
 
ESG is a big part of AEL’s journey, and our philosophy embeds this into the fundamental investment 
planning.  And with the significant CapEx that goes into our incubating businesses is reflective of this. In 
line with the ESG framework, our businesses have received recognition for environmental and social 
impact. For example, Mumbai Airport achieved Level-4 customer experience accreditation , which is 3rd 
airport globally and 1st in India.  Further, the Energy Engineers and Managers awarded Ahmedabad and 
Jaipur Airport  with gold and silver, respectively, for facility and for commitment to energy efficiency and 
sustainability.  
 
Now, I hand over to my colleague, Vinay, to run through mining services, integrated resource management, 
and commercial mining. Vinay, over to you.  
 
Vinay Prakash  
Thanks, R obbie . Good afternoon to all. First , the mining services. AEL is the pioneer of MDO concept in 
India, which is Mine Develop ment and Operator concept. With an integrated business model that expands 
across developing mine, as well as the entire upstream and downstream activities. It provides the full-
service  range, right from seeking various approvals, land acquisition , R&R, developing required 
infrastructure, mining, beneficiation, and transportation  to designated consumption plan, which is TPS.  
The company  is an  MDO for 8 coal blocks and 1 iron ore block . These projects are located in the state of 
Chhattisgarh, MP and Oris sa. 
 
The company has serviced its contract s, and the quantit y is delivered during the quarter  as per the 
schedule given by the customer s. During the half -year, the revenue from mining services was at INR 1,098 
crores and EBITDA at INR 485 crores.   
 Adani Enterprises  4 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  For IRM business, i.e. Integrated Resource Management business , we have continued to develop business 
relationship s with diversified customer s across various end -user industries. We remain number -one player 
in India and endeavor to maintain this leadership position going forward. The v olume in Q2 FY24 stood at 
18.8 million metric ton. EBITDA for the half -year was at INR 2,063 crores on account of improved realization 
on YoY basis.  
 
As far the commercial mining is concerned, at the Carmichael mine in Australia , the production has 
increased by 68% to 5.4 million metric ton and the shipment increased by 70% to 5.1 million metric ton. 
The company is having 7 domestic commercial mine block s and these block projects are in the state of 
Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Jharkhand and Orissa. Thank you.  
 
Q&A  
 
Moderator   
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question -and-answer session. If you have a 
question , please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the question. If you 
would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Ladies and gentlemen, if 
you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your te lephone keypad. We will wait for a moment while 
the question queue assembles.  First question comes from Bharat Jain from ICICI Securities. Pleas e go 
ahead.  
 
Bharat Jain  
My first question is on solar. Sir, what is the capacity of solar manufacturing? And is the 4 GW operating?  
 
Robbie Singh  
Yes. And the current capacity is approximately 4.5GW. 
 
Bharat Jain  
And how much have we exported during the quarter?  
 
Robbie Singh  
We can give you overall the target export numbers for module sales . The exports , in terms of megawatt , 
we exported 792  MW  worth of modules in these both  quarter s. Adani Enterprises  5 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call   
Bharat Jain  
Okay, sir. What geograph ies are we exporting?  
 
Robbie Singh  
Mostly US.  
 
Bharat Jain  
And on wind, what is the plan for wind manufacturing capacity? Wiil it be majorly  used for cap tive?  
 
Robbie Singh  
No, it will also be available for export as well, but initially majority for captive consumption. Starting 
capacity will be 1.5  GW. 
 
Bharat Jain  
Okay. Sir, are we planning to produce 2  MW, 3 MW  turbines?  
 
Robbie Singh  
That will depend. But initially, we'll focus on the 5  MW, but we'll have the capacity to produce 3  MW  as 
well.  
 
Bharat Jain   
Can you give us the total CapEx on the three data centers?  
 
Robbie Singh  
Yes. So , the data center business , approximately  we expect to have about $0.5 billion about INR 4,390 -odd 
crores.  And this is broadly in line with our earlier guidance given earlier in the year, the next year and year 
after that also continues around similar ones.  
 
 Adani Enterprises  6 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  Moderator   
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. I repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. Next question comes from Nirav Shah from GeeCee Holdings. Please go ahead.  
 
Nirav Shah  
Hi, good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, in the mining business, I'm seeing that we have 
removed the Bailadila mine from the iron ore service contract. While that mine had always had problems, 
but. So, is it officially now off contract?  
 
Vinay Prakash  
Yes. So, Bailadila is officially out of our list now. We are not going ahead with that contract.  
 
Nirav Shah  
Got it. And on the solar module sales, I mean, on the margins front  we have done phenomenally well. And 
congratulations on that. You've done some 33% margins. But at the same time, our realizations are largely 
flattish on a per megawatt basis. So , I'm assuming that we would have benefited from the falling  module 
prices. Can you just shed some light on that?  
 
Robbie Singh  
Yes. That's true. Although, for overall growth, it benefit s contractually, but we expect the margins to be 
retained. But overall, because our sales, once they stabilize  and the full production stabilizes , only a certain 
basic percentage will be sold. It's not like sales will continue to grow because our capacity initially will be 
4.5GW. 
 
Nirav Shah  
Okay. And our export mix was almost 2/3 during the quarter. So , when this mix changes again or 
normalizes, we still expect the margins to hold on to the current levels?  
 
Robbie Singh  
The export margins will hold. The n on-export margins will be, depending upon the underlying contract 
and the buyer, the other margins will be different from the export margins.  
 Adani Enterprises  7 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  Nirav Shah  
Got it. On the Australian operations, if you can just share the EBITDA numbers for this quarter and first -
half.  
 
Saurabh Shah  
So, Nirav, the EBITDA numbers for commercial mining are already there in the segment results. If you can 
just look at it, the P BIT numbers are already there. On EBITDA number, we can give you on a separate call.  
 
Nirav Shah  
That is fine. Perfect. And lastly on the MDO guidance, I mean, if you can just sh ed any light, because on 
what are we expecting to do this year?  
 
Vinay Prakash  
So, MDO, we should be closer to 35 to 37 million ton this year.  
 
Moderator  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad.  I repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad.  Next question comes from Pratik Kumar from Jefferies. Please go ahead.  
 
Pratik Kumar  
Yeah, good evening, sir. Congrats for good results and commissioning of new facilities and new energy 
ecosystem. My first question is on solar segment. So , till the point we are not exporting  and till the point 
we are not commissioning green hydrogen plants , this quarterly run rate of solar modules can go to how 
much, like 1 GW quarterly with the number which is 6 30MW  in this quarter? Can it like sort of continue to 
move up with better exports or higher domestic sales as well?  
 
Robbie Singh  
That number will continue to move up in line with the utilization rate of the underlying plan t. But I think 
the bigger thing there is that, we don't want to convey an unrealistic assumption in the market that the 
sales,  in the  longer term the sales are a bigger objective here. So, in the longer term, it is the objective 
that we have in the medium term is to build the integrated hydrogen ecosystem. And, what this highlights 
though, Pratik, in the meantime, is that , as green hydrogen ecosystem is modular as we are doing as a Adani Enterprises  8 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  business case, each stage it is cash flow positive.  And therefore, this excess cash flow will continue to be 
deployed into the green hydrogen ecosystem . 
 
It just shows you the overall strategy that we have adopted of each individual module of the green 
hydrogen ecosystem being profitable in its own right.  So, nothing is subsidizing anything. And I think that's 
a bigger message here  that,  as we add the green electron module of the green hydrogen, it will itself also 
be profitable.  Then as we add the hydrogen electrolyzer chain, it itself will be profitable. As we then add 
the green hydrogen, green product chain, which is ammonia, methanol, and urea, that itse lf will be 
profitable. And what this highlights that the profitability of each module adding up to an extremely 
competitive hydrogen price, which will compete effectively with the import cost of LNG in India.  
 
Pratik Kumar   
Right. Now looking at commissioning pilot plant, it's still like FY27, right? So that was the last message.  
 
Robbie Singh  
Yes, FY27. We are on schedule, pre -engineering  work at the site  and all of that is going on  at site; geotech 
studies  and everything is going on.  
 
Pratik Kumar  
Okay. And, I mean, obviously, it is like still 2-2.5 years away. So , from next quarter, we should also expect 
like sale from wind unit and the polysilicon unit?  
 
Robbie Singh  
Absolutely.  
 
Pratik Kumar   
And what could be the margins in this segment?  
 
Robbie Singh  
We'll come to that , once the sales strategy of the turbines are established in terms of pure domestic, 
global, we'll update the numbers towards as part of our annual results.  
 Adani Enterprises  9 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  Pratik Kumar   
Okay. And regarding some of the new projects which you're looking at , like copper and coal -to-PVC. So , 
what is the stage of these projects at this point? We're looking for  a financial closure for coal -to-PVC. 
 
Robbie Singh  
Financial closure of coal-to-PVC will be in this financial year. And then, copper is on schedule to be 
completed in the first calendar quarter next year , so, last quarter of this financial year as scheduled. So, 
there's no change in any of that.  
 
Pratik Kumar   
Okay. And one question on your segmental bookkeeping question. What is the road segment EBITDA for 
the quarter?  
 
Robbie Singh  
EBITDA we will give you . Segment results are there  on the road. Half-year ended is INR 530 crores PBIT. 
 
Pratik Kumar  
Right. Sure. So , I'll take it offline. And what is the full -year guidance for the coal trading volumes  now ? 
We've seen like some decline obviously in line with the market trends. But what is the full -year guidance 
for the coal trading volumes , FY24?  
 
Vinay Prakash   
Yes. It all depends on whatever requirement comes but  considering that we are going at the 18 million to 
20 million per quarter, should be somewhere between 70 million to 80 million.  But again, considering 
we’re in a service industry, it all depends on how the demand and supply , demand comes out of our 
customers.  
 
Pratik Kumar   
And the MDO guidance that you gave was more like production guidance, right? Not dispatch guidance?  
 
 
 Adani Enterprises  10 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  Vinay Prakash   
So, in MDO, whatever is the production mostly it gets dispatched, because our inventory on first day of 
financial year and the end of the financial year always remains plus or minus 0.1  million here and there. 
Because these all are long -term contracts , signed by owners  for their own mine itself. So , they lift 
everything which we mine.  
 
Moderator  
Thank you. We have a follow -up question from Bharat Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Bharat Jain  
Can you tell us about the status of the Navi Mumbai airport?  
 
Robbie Singh   
Yes. It's almost, just about 40 % to 45% complete, on schedule to be completed  last quarter, calendar 
quarter 2024, as advised in the annual result meet, AGM. So , it’s going exactly as per schedule.  
 
Bharat Jain  
Understood. And then, what is the CapEx incurred on the six airports in H1?  
 
Robbie Singh   
Total CapEx, that year to date total CapEx that we have incurred on the airports is approximately, say, 
about INR 5,350 crore for all eight airports.  
 
Bharat Jain  
Okay, sir. And what could be a target for H2?  
 
Robbie Singh   
It's currently in the middle of the schedule. So , we don't want to give. Overall, our target about INR 11,000 
crore CapEx . 
 
 Adani Enterprises  11 02.11.2023  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call  Moderator   
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad.  I repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions , please press * and 1 and your telephone 
keypad.  There are no further questions. Now I hand over the floor to management for closing comments.  
 
Robbie Singh   
I just want to thank ICICI Securities for the call and for the questions. If anything else  is there , you can 
please reach out to Manan for any clarifications . The detailed presentation is uploaded  on the website 
already. So , that should be available, it will have a lot more detail as well. So once again, thank you  
everyone. And if there's anything further, please reach out to Manan.  
 
Moderator   
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha's conference call service. You may disconnect your lines now. Thank 
you and have a good day.  
 
 
 
 
 
Note:            
1. This document has been edited to improve readability  
2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words.  
 