 
Adani Enterprises L imited    
“Adani Corporate House” , 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar  
Ahmedabad 38 2 421 
Gujarat, India  Tel  + 91 79 2656 5555  
Fax + 91 79 2555 5500  
investor.ael@adani.com  
www.adani enterprises .com  
 
CIN: L51100GJ1993PLC019067   
  
Registered Office : “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram , Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad - 382421  
 
 
 
28th December 2023  
 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001.  
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange plaza,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai –  400051.  
 
Scrip Code: 512599  Scrip Code: ADANIENT  
 Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 Sub.:  Intimation for forming a 49:51 JV with UAE -based Sirius International Holding, 
a subsidiary of International Holding Company (IHC), UAE  
 Ref.:  Disclosure pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of  
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
 With reference to the captioned subject, we would like to inform that the Company 
through its wholly owned subsidiary (WOS), Adani Global Limited, Mauritius (“Adani”) 
has executed a term -sheet (“Agreement”) on 28
th December 2023 for formation of 
49:51 Joint Venture (JV) with UAE -based Sirius International Holding Limited, UAE 
(“Sirius”). A Media Release on the subject  is annexed herewith.  
 The details as required under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 read with SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD -1/P/CIR/2023/123 
dated 13
th July 2023 are as under:  
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
a) Name(s) of parties with whom the 
agreement is entered.  Adani Global Limited, Mauritius (WOS of 
the Company) and Sirius International 
Holding Limited, UAE ( a subsidiary of 
International Holding Company (IHC), 
UAE).  
b) Purpose of entering into the 
agreement.  The Agreement has been executed, inter - 
alia, to enable deployment of cutting -edge 
Artificial Intelligence (AI), Internet of 
Things (IoT) and Secured Blockchain 
Products for industrial applications, by a 
joint venture company (or JVCo) of Adani 
and Sirius.  
c) Shareholding, if any, in entity with  
whom agreement is executed.  Nil 
d) Significant terms of the 
agreement (in brief) special rights 
like right to appoint directors, first 
right to share subscription in case Adani and Sirius to hold 49% and 51% 
shareholding respectively in the proposed JVCo with equal participation in the Board 
of Directors of the JVCo.   
Adani Enterprises L imited    
“Adani Corporate House” , 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle,  
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar  
Ahmedabad 38 2 421 
Gujarat, India  Tel  + 91 79 2656 5555  
Fax + 91 79 2555 5500  
investor.ael@adani.com  
www.adani enterprises .com  
 
CIN: L51100GJ1993PLC019067   
  
Registered Office : “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram , Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad - 382421  
 
 
Sr. 
No. Particulars  Details  
of issuance of shares. right to 
restrict any change in capital 
structure etc.   
The location of incorporation of the JVCo 
shall be in Abu Dhabi, UAE.   
e) Whether the said parties are 
related  to promoter / promoter 
group / group companies in any 
manner. If yes, nature of 
relationship.  No 
f) Whether the transaction would 
fall within related party 
transactions? If  yes, whether the 
same is done at "arm’s length".  No 
g) In case of issuance of shares to 
the parties, details of issue price, 
class of shares issued.  Adani to subscribe / acquire 49% ordinary 
equity shares of JVCo.   
h) Any other disclosures related to 
such agreements, viz., details of 
nominee on the board of directors 
of the listed entity, potential 
conflict of interest arising out of 
such agreements, etc.  N.A. 
i) In case of termination or 
amendment of agreement, listed 
entity shall disclose additional 
details to the stock exchange(s):  N.A. 
 i. name of parties to the 
agreement;  -- 
 ii. nature of the agreement;  -- 
 iii. date of execution of the 
agreement;  -- 
 iv. details of amendment and 
impact thereof or reasons of termination and impact 
thereof.  -- 
 Kindly take the same on your records.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Adani Enterprises Limited  
 
 
Jatin Jalundhwala  
Company Secretary & Joint President (Legal)  
 Encl: As above   
Media Release  
IHC’s  subsidiary Sirius and Adani forge an alliance to 
digitally transform  India's $175 Billion Digital 
Economy with new era technologies 
Editor Synopsis  
• Groundbreaking  joint venture to lead $175B digital transformation opportunity  
• JV seeks deployment of cutting- edge Artificial Intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT) and 
Secured Blockchain Products for industrial applications.   
• Initial deployment to leverage Adani Group's vast industrial testbed to validate and scale its 
solutions.   
Ahmedabad and Abu Dhabi , December 28, 2023 : Adani Enterprises Limited (AEL), through 
its wholly owned subsidiary, Adani Global Limited (“Adani”) and Sirius International Holding 
Limited (“Sirius”), a subsidiary of International Holding Company (IHC), UAE have entered 
an agreement to create a new joint venture named Sirius Digitech International Limited 
(“Sirius JV”), an entity based in Abu Dhabi. Sirius JV will be owned 51% by Sirius and 49% 
by Adani.   
  
Sirius JV will capitalize on global digital transformation expertise of Sirius and Adani's 
strategic insights to focus on leading the $175 Bn opportunity in digitalization of the Indian 
economy . This digital opportunity is rapidly evolving  to becoming a $1 Tn market by 
2030.  Sirius JV will deploy an integrated ecosystem of digital platforms by leveraging the 
expanding power of artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT) and Secured 
Blockchain Products across infrastructure industries and extending to areas that include 
FinTech, HealthTech and GreenTech.  
 Spokesperson at Sirius International Holding said , "
We are pleased to embark on this 
transformative journey alongside Adani Enterprises. The partnership reflects a formidable 
commitment to address key challenges and unlock unprecedented opportunities in the 
rapidly evolving digital landscape. We believe that Sirius's expertise and Adani's dynamic 
approach will be instrumental in empowering businesses to thrive in the digital era with 
advanced technologies that optimize industries, streamline processes and foster growth. " 
 Spokesperson  at Adani Enterprises said , "
Inexpensive sensorization and the power of 
artificial intelligence are opening up new ways to drive extreme levels of efficiency, ensure 
real-time decision making, and rapidly deploy transformative business models. The power 
of compute and the ability to deliver green energy to data centers creates a unique 
combination of strengths that we bring to  this partnership  with Sirius International 
Holding  which has a portfolio of the most exciting digital companies relevant in today's 
era." 
  
Sirius JV  intends to commence deployment of cutting -edge AI  and enterprise blockchain  
products and services for industrial applications while leveraging Adani Group's vast 
industrial testbed to validate and scale  its solutions.  By integrating Industrial digital 
solutions into their operations, companies are unlocking exponential levels of efficiency, 
productivity and innovation and in many  cases completely reinventing their business 
models. 
The completion of the transaction shall be upon satisfaction of customary closing 
conditions including the receipt of necessary  approvals . 
About Adani Enterprises  Limited (AEL)  
Adani Enterprises Limited (AEL) is the flagship company of Adani Group, one of India’s largest 
business organisations. Over the years, Adani Enterprises has focused on building emerging infrastructure businesses, contributing to nation- building and divesting them into separate listed 
entities. Having successfully built unicorns like Adani Ports & SEZ, Adani Energy Solutions, Adani Power, Adani Green Energy, Adani Total Gas and Adani Wilmar, the company has contributed significantly to make the country self -reliant with our portfolio of robust businesses. This has also 
led to significant returns to our shareholders over 3 decades.  
The next generation of its strategic business investments are focused on green hydrogen ecosystems, airport management, data centers, roads, and primary industries like copper and petrochemicals. Each of these sectors present  substantial opportunities for unlocking value.  
About International Holding Company (IHC)  
IHC was founded in 1998 as part of an initiative to diversify and develop non- oil business sectors in 
the UAE and has grown to become the most valuable listed holding company in the Middle East with a market cap of AED 879 billion as of September 30, 2023.  The company develops and 
implements sustainability, innovation, and economic diversification initiatives across what is now 
one of the region’s largest conglomerates. IHC is included in FTSE ADX 15 Index (FADX 15), 
representing the top 15 largest and most liquid companies on the ADX.  
IHC has a clear objective of enhancing its portfolio through acquisitions, strategic investments, and business combinations. Comprising more than 500 subsidiaries and over 107,000 employees, IHC 
seeks to expand and diversify its holdings across a growing n umber of sectors, including Asset 
management, Healthcare, Real Estate and Construction, Marine and Dredging, IT and 
Communications, Financial Services, Food Production and Service, Utilities, and Services. With a 
core strategy to enhance shareholder value and achieve growth, IHC drives operational synergies 
and maximizes cost efficiencies across all verticals – it also continues to evaluate investment 
opportunities through direct ownership and entering partnerships in the UAE and abroad  
About Sirius International Holding Limited (Sirius)  
Sirius International Holding, a subsidiary of IHC (International Holding Company), is a global Abu Dhabi -based holding company that leverages disruptive technologies to drive cross -sector digital 
transformation and engineers sustainable solutions to combat  climate change. 
With a vision to drive profound change and ignite the possibilities of a better future, Sirius has an expansive portfolio of more than 20 subsidiaries with over 9,000 employees operating globally, each contributing to shape today’s digital, climate and health ecosystems in over 15 countries. 
Sirius’ comprehensive approach encompasses a transformative journey into a digitally 
interconnected world, empowering Governments, businesses and communities to excel through groundbreaking technological innovations. Additionally, Sirius through its subsidiary S3, is  
accelerating the transition towards a net -zero economy, harnessing industrial and technological 
solutions for de -carbonization, methane capture and reduction, clean energy efficiency, and water 
recovery and efficiency.  
Sirius maintains a strategic approach that focuses on future growth and enables disciplined asset 
allocation by fostering synergistic business combinations. The company also holds strategic investments worth $1.9B in Adani Enterprises, Adani Green and Adani Transmission, solidifying its 
presence in key sectors and reinforcing its commitment to fostering sustainable growth.  
 
For media queries, contact Roy Paul: roy.paul@adani.com
 ; Michelle Akl: 
michelle.akl@siriusholding.com  